Add addToLibrary compile time helper function (#20044)
emscripten-core/emscripten: site/source/docs/porting/connecting_cpp_and_javascript/Interacting-with-code.rst

.. code-block:: javascript

   addToLibrary({
     my_js: function() {
       alert('hi');
     },
   });

> ``addToLibrary`` copies the properties of the first parameter into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``addToLibrary`` copies the properties of the input object into
```
